Cuda recipe (#55)
VisionSystemsInc/docker_recipes: README.rst

   COPY --from=rocky /usr/local /usr/local
   # Only needs to be run once for all recipes
   RUN for patch in /usr/local/share/just/container_build_patch/*; do "${patch}"; done

   RUN dnf install -y --enablerepo=rocky-appstream telnet # This line is just an example
   ...

CUDA
----

=========================== ============
Name                        CUDA

> Build Args                  ``CUDA_REPO_REF`` - The version of the CUDA container repo parsed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Args                  ``CUDA_REPO_REF`` - SHA of the CUDA container repo parsed
```

Author: Doesn't have to be a sha, it's a ref

Reviewer: Then should it say The ref of the CUDA container repo

Author: ```suggestion
Build Args                  ``CUDA_REPO_REF`` - The ref of the CUDA container repo parsed
```

Build Args                  ``CUDA_VERSION`` - Version of CUDA to install (e.g. ``10.2`` or ``11.0.7``)
Build Args                  ``CUDNN_VERSION`` - Optional: Version of CUDNN to install. (e.g. ``7`` or ``8``)

> Build Args                  ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` - Optional: Sets the target level of CUDA install (explained below). Default: ``runtime``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Args                  ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` - Optional: Specifies how much of the CUDA stack to install (explained below). Default: ``runtime``
```

> Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` - Required: Sets while nvidia devices to connect. Set to ``all``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` - Required: Sets which nvidia devices are visible in the container. Default: ``all``
```

> Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` - Optional: Default is ``compute,utility`` when unset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` - Optional: Which device capabilities are enabled in the container. Default (when unset): ``compute,utility``
```

Author: ```suggestion
Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` - Optional: Which device capabilities are enabled in the container. Default: `compute,utility`, which is the meaning by the runtime if this environment variable is unset.
```

Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_REQUIRE_*`` - Optional: Sets test conditions to prevent running on incompatible systems
Output dir                  ``/usr/local``

> Minimum Dockerfile frontend docker/dockerfile:1.3-labs or docker/dockerfile:1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum Dockerfile frontend: docker/dockerfile:1.3-labs or docker/dockerfile:1.4
```

> =========================== ============

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=======================================
```

While starting from a base image with CUDA already setup for docker is ideal, when we have to be based on a specific image (e.g. hardened images), this becomes impossible or impractical. Instead we need to start with a particular image and add CUDA support to it.

> Currently only RHEL and Ubuntu based images are supported (not Fedora or Debian).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only RHEL and Ubuntu based images are supported (not Fedora or Debian).
```

There are many steps to setting up CUDA in an image:

> - Setting up CUDA repo and GPG key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting up the CUDA repo GPG key
```

- Installing the right packages, so that we limit the amount of bloat to the image
- Setting various environment variables at container run time

> - Setting certain environment variables at container create time

Reviewer: what is the difference between these to cases? should this say 'container build time'? (mentioned in the next sections too)

> - Setting various environment variables at container run time
> - Setting certain environment variables at container create time

Author: ```suggestion
- Setting certain environment variables at container create time
- Setting various environment variables at container run time
```

This recipe will attempt to do all of these things in as few steps as possible, except setting environment variables at container create time which you will have to do manually.

---------------------
Environment variables
---------------------

Because of how the nvidia runtime operates, it needs certain variables set at container create time. Some ways this can be accomplished include:

- Adding an ``ENV`` to the Dockerfile
- Adding to the ``environment:`` section in ``docker-compose.yml``
- Adding the ``-e`` flag to the ``docker run`` call

> ``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` must be set, or else the nvidia runtime will not activate, and you will have no gpu support. It's suggested to make set ``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` to ``all`` and allow for an environment variable on the host (i.e. ``local.env``) to override the value to use specific GPUs as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` must be set, or else the nvidia runtime will not activate, and you will have no GPU support. It's suggested to set ``NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES`` to ``all`` and allow for an environment variable on the host (i.e. in ``local.env``) to override the value to use specific GPUs as needed.
```

You can optionally add ``NVIDIA_REQUIRE_*`` environment variables (Commonly: ``NVIDIA_REQUIRE_CUDA``) as a set of rules to declare what version of cuda, drivers, architecture, and brand. You only need to set this if you want docker to refuse to run when constraints are not met (e.g. driver doesn't support CUDA 11.6). See the `documentation <https://docs.nvidia.com/datacenter/cloud-native/container-toolkit/user-guide.html#constraints>`_ and an `example <https://gitlab.com/nvidia/container-images/cuda/-/blob/5bc8c5483115b8e9c68d4f1280acb8d56196d681/dist/11.6.2/ubi8/base/Dockerfile#L6>`_ for more information.

----------
Build Args
----------

The ``CUDA_VERSION``/``CUDNN_VERSION`` build args must be limited to the versions of CUDA in the `nvidia package repos <https://developer.download.nvidia.com/compute/cuda/repos/>`_. Attempting combinations of OS versions and CUDA versions not in the nvidia `codebase <https://gitlab.com/nvidia/container-images/cuda/-/tree/master/dist>`_ will probably fail because those versions of CUDA most likely do not exist in the nvidia package repos. Currently the end-of-life directory is not supported.

> ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` is used to specify how much of CUDA you install (devel vs runtime):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` is used to specify how much of the CUDA stack to install (devel vs runtime):
```

- ``runtime``: Only installs the runtime packages for CUDA
- ``devel``: Installs both the runtime and development packages for CUDA
- ``devel-only``: Only installs the devel packages. This is intended to be used on an image that already has the CUDA runtime installed.

.. rubric:: Example

.. code-block:: Dockerfile

   # syntax=docker/dockerfile:1.4
   FROM vsiri/recipe:cuda as cuda

   FROM redhat/ubi8
   COPY --from=cuda /usr/local /usr/local
   # Only needs to be run once for all recipes

>    RUN for patch in /usr/local/share/just/container_build_patch/*; do "${patch}"; done

Reviewer: it might be worth noting that if using `just` this is done for you

Author: You're thinking runtime patches, these are build time. That line is needed

   ENV NVIDIA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=all # Required for this recipe
   ENV NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES=compute,utility # Optional: compute,utility is the default if unset

   # (Uncommon) If you need all the nvidia environment variables, source this file
   RUN source /usr/local/share/just/user_run_patch/10_load_cuda_env; \

>        cmake # This line is just an example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       cmake . # This line is just an example
```

   ...

CUDA GL
-------

=========================== ============
Name                        CUDA GL

> Build Args                  ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` - Sets the target level of CUDA install

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Build Args                  ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` - Specifies how much of the CUDA stack to install (explained further above in the CUDA recipe). Default: ``runtime``
```

Build Args                  ``LIBGLVND_VERSION`` - The version of the GLVND used. Default: ``v1.2.0``

> Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` - For opengl offscreen rendering, you at least need `graphics,compute,utility`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment Variable        ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` - For OpenGL offscreen rendering, you at least need `graphics,compute,utility`
```

Output dir                  ``/usr/local``

> Minimum Dockerfile frontend docker/dockerfile:1.3-labs or docker/dockerfile:1.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minimum Dockerfile frontend: docker/dockerfile:1.3-labs or docker/dockerfile:1.4
```

=========================== ============

> Similar to the CUDA recipe, ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` tells the recipe whether to install runtime or development dependencies. ``devel-only`` still installs both runtime and devel packages, due to how the recipe is structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to the CUDA recipe, ``CUDA_RECIPE_TARGET`` tells the recipe whether to install runtime or development dependencies, although ``devel-only`` installs both runtime and devel packages, due to how the recipe is structured.
```

``LIBGLVND_VERSION`` sets the version of `glvnd repo <https://github.com/NVIDIA/libglvnd.git>`_ that is compiled and used.

You will need to set the environment variable ``NVIDIA_DRIVER_CAPABILITIES`` to allow graphics capabilities which most GL applications will need.

.. rubric:: Example

.. code-block:: Dockerfile

   # syntax=docker/dockerfile:1.4
   FROM vsiri/recipe:cudagl as cudagl

>    FROM some_cuda_image

Reviewer: you use a real image above. I would do the same here
